# Solution B - Triple-Entry Accounting

Businesses in the informal sector do not have the requisite capital to hirer professional to handle certain aspect of their businesses. The informal sector is common among the youth (95.8% ages 15-24) in Africa. The World Bank (2020) has estimated that the size of the working age population would increase to 224.0 million by 2030 and 730.4 million by 2050. This present and niche easy usage for DApp tools that response to the needs of informal sector. The triple-entry accounting is a basic accounting tool tailor to the needs of informal businesses in Africa. 

**Triple-entry accounting** is a hybrid of cost accounting and financial accounting system with entry selected entry components suitable to the needs of businesses uniquely identified and classified in the DApp Registry. Double entry cannot be omitted in accounting with associated debit and credit accounts, the addition here, is the third component that is the Cardano blockchain hence making it a triple entry accounting DApp solution that is secured, opened and transparent.
For instance, traditional double entry accounting system, each business has their own debit and credit accounts. A transaction of $10,000 between company A (Buyer) and Company B (Seller) can be recorded differently in the respect books of the company. Company A would not know how Company B recorded the transaction. There can be errors, omission or fraud associated with the traditional double entry accounting systems. 

Positively, blockchain is the third component that would provide more transparencies in accounting. The Triple-Entry Accounting would simultaneously add a third entry and posting the third entry in a shared ledger that can be seen and by all participants. The posting and verifying transaction can be done by informal businesses without a central authority. The Cardano Blockchain would be used to create a unique cryptographically sealed receipt with a unique digital signature for each entry.
